All right.
So our front page is looking good.
Now we're going to move on to the blog page so we don't have a link for our blog.
So let's go create that.
We're going to go to menus and taste a blog add to menu and save menu reload if we click on blog.
It's basically just all static content because we put all of our stuff all of our code in our front
page.
If we look at index BHB it's still just all static.
Right so we're going to have to change this quite a bit.
First off let's get rid of the Jumbotron we're not going to use that we are going to use a section for
a page title and I'm actually going to paste that in case we have a section as a class of titlebar.
And basically we're just putting in each one with the text of blog.
All right.
Now down here these are the three boxes we don't want those either so we're going to get rid of that
entire section.
These here are the widgets but they're still the static content.
What we can do is grab the code from front page
where we have these.
Copy that and then we'll bring that to index and let's replace these two sections
.
OK.
So save us take a look.
All right.
So we have our titlebar we have our two widgets in our footer widgets now in the middle here somewheres
where we need our content.
So let's do section class and we'll say row main
We're going to have a container.
And now we're going to have a sidebar but we only want the sidebar if there's sidebar widgets enabled
.
So what we'll do is we'll do an if statement here will say if it is active sidebar and then pass in
the text sidebar
then I'll do one else
and then END-IF.
OK.
So the idea that I that I want to do here is that if there is a sidebar we want a div with 8 columns
if there is in it we want a div with 12 columns because we want to go across the whole page.
So let's go ahead and do that
.
So if there's a sidebar to be 8 if there's not
it'll be 12
K and then of course we need that div to end
and then if there's a sidebar again we're going to test
ok if there is then we're going to want a four column div
just like that.
So say mean side.
Now since there's no side bar enabled we should get a 12 column div.
OK now we haven't added the sidebar widgets so let's do that real quick.
We'll go to functions and just copy that
sidebar.
Now I want to use bootstrap panels this is something that we didn't do in the aged hemol theme so I'm
just going to pieces and you guys can copy it.
We just have a div with the class of panel panel default inside bar widget before the title we have
panel heading with an H3 with panel title.
So we'll save that.
All right.
Now let's go back into what actually before we do that let's just put in our sidebar
that okay and then let's focus on the main content now.
So of course we want to check for posts.
So say if I have posts
then we want our while loop.
So we're going to say p p while
have posts K and then we get to do the post
.
All right.
And then here we'll have our article and then we'll have a class of post.
Actually you know what instead of doing typing this all out was just copy what we have and then the
each team all file.
Ok so I just want to grab the article
and after the article is just for the class of clear and then we'll close that.
All right now this is obviously just static content.
So let's just see what it looks like first.
OK so that's good.
Now we want to just replace the static content with dynamic stuff.
OK so let's do the image.
Get rid of that and we're going to put a div here
and I'll give it a class of post thumbnail.
And then inside there let's check to see if there is a thumbnail and if there is we'll display it.
OK just paste that in.
And then for the read more I'm going to replace that with a tag that goes to the permalink
edge
.
All right so that's good.
Now down here where we have the matter I'm going to replace the the user here in the link
with this K we're just going to get author post you are l.
You want to pass in as a parameter.
Get the author ID and then the author gave for the date.
This is really easy.
You can just say p of the time
and then we'll just add some formatting in here
.
And then the categories just place that.
This is kind of long we have to get the array and then kind to loop through it.
So let me just paste that in case from here to here.
That gets the categories and displays them then down here.
This is the easy part we just need to title it in say ph t the title.
And then here will be
the excerpt.
All right.
Let's go ahead and reload.
OK so now this is all dynamic we're not seeing the image because we don't have one yet.
All right we need to add the ability to actually have an image so let's go to functions ph p.
We're going to go up to the the business theme set up function and we just need to add that functionality
.
So add Feme support for post thumbnails
Now we can go to our backend and I'm going to go to posts blog post one down here we have the featured
image and the go ahead set that it's See
I'm going to grab blog one diet Jay peg and set that is the featured image update.
OK we'll do the same thing and blog post to
set that update.
Now we go to the front end.
We have our images.
The width is correct but we need to set the height to Ahto.
So let's go to our style sheet.
We should have article post image right here.
It will say height auto
correct.
Now we need some space up here so let's go to where we have the title bar.
Should be somewhere in here right here.
Well let's just add margin bottom 20 pixels.
OK.
So that looks good.
Now for the sidebar widget Let's do that.
Let's go to parents widgets and I'm going to grab the categories and bring that to the sidebar.
And we're also going to bring over the archives
here.
Now if we reload now we have our Sidebar and you can see that with adjusted correctly.
I want to make these look a little different.
I'm going to add some CSSA to make this green and also fix up the allies.
So it's going to RCF says I'm just going to add in for my panel testing.
Give it the green background.
All right.
And then the sidebar we're just styling.
OK this is for the Alwi will add some padding some border to the bottom actually a border around the
whole thing.
And there we go.
If we click on technology shows us those post business.
All right so that's working great.
Now in the next video we're going to take care of the single view pay because right now it doesn't look
too good.
It looks just like the the blog roll.
And we'll also take care of the archived posts because when we click on let's say a category we want
the category name to be a peer.
OK.
So we'll get to that next